diner

1. a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant)
2. a restaurant that resembles a dining car


1 Rest assured, the more gregarious and charming they are to you, dear diner, the more draconian and out of control they are to that poor fry cook.
1 Every diner but one finishes their bread. 
1 At a high-end restaurant there's a chance that solo diner is a Michelin inspector.
1 "They've been really responsive, " McCallister said, even if every diner doesn't know or care about his commitment to seasonality and from-scratch cooking. 
1 The other diner was plainly downstairs in the bar and did not appear during the whole of the lunchtime and had still not appeared by the time I had finished and paid my bill . 
1 Like Mr Major , Kenneth Clarke has a taste for chicken jalfrezi , but the Cabinet 's heavyweight diner also has a great soft spot for a grilled king prawn curry
1 This is as opposed to in the south where a diner will just coat you in sugar and then leave a pittance as a tip.
1 The dinner used a number of reworked rituals centered around pop culture and political themes, such as having one diner toss coins over her shoulder for Facebook founder Eduardo Saverin, who renounced his American citizenship to live in Singapore with his fortune. 
1 He the posed for a photo with one diner before switching to the other side of the booth to snap another photo with the other. 
1 I would myself much prefer to wait on just one diner , even if he were a total stranger .
1 Keeping the info given simple yet adequate, and the info required just as simple but adequate makes the app a win-win for both business and diner.
1 Each diner is served an individual pot, near overflowing with whatever you order.
1 The quandary for you, the diner, is what to order. 
1 I've been seated at a table for ten where I was the only non-coupled diner. 
1 While a diner can reserve a table at any listed restaurant with OpenTable for dinner tomorrow tonight, she can't simply take the loan she wants.
1  " He had his arm around her the entire meal, " says a fellow diner. 
1 If you're the kind of diner who likes to explore lots of tastes rather than commit to one large plate, consider the $16 vegetarian thali.
1 This increasingly annoyed customer goes to talk to a waitress, also one of our actors, and they're joined by another angry diner. 
1 As a diner on a limited budget, I'd love to be able to experience the sublime perfection that sushi can be. 
1 A diner wrote LOL, that's short, of course, for laugh out loud.
2 The entire ceiling above a diner big enough to seat seventy is collapsing.
2 She 'd closed the diner to help me look for you . 
2 She stops at the local diner to enquire on directions to Camp Crystal Lake- where she 's been hired for the Summer as camp cook .
2 Wolves Den used to be a separate storefront diner down the street, Forcia said. 
2 Their trip takes them into a valley in the mid-west U.S., in which there is only one diner along the highway.
2 This two-piece car, manufactured in 1953, was, at the time, the largest diner ever built.
2 Later that night, in a midtown diner, he'd confessed that he'd thought of her often, over the years
2 Where from its diner and its movie house, to its barber shop, post-World War II America is alive once more. 
2 With its chrome counter and cherry pie, the diner is an icon of American culture.
2 But when Adam does emerge , he works at a roadside diner , where he 's smitten with waitress Caroline.
2 Daryl , 32 , couldn't tear herself away from her new boyfriend after they had lunch at a Manhattan diner .
2 After a round or two, they agree to come with us to get some food at Kerbey Lane, a late night diner. 
2 Her single mother works as a server at the local diner and is currently pursuing her GED.
2 Return to the diner and check the ceiling on the far end of the bar, you should be able to place the hatch there and gain access to the roof. 
2 Matty was never home during the day, always off waiting tables at the diner or doing who knows what with the friends he refused to bring around our apartment.
2 But I think the diner is closed for several days in a row so I need to go by to visit and eat there today as well.
2 If you want some of the best fish & chips in London , you can't go wrong at this smart and very popular little diner 
2 When Buck goes to a diner , he sits at a table opposite a creepy woman with a nervous tic who keeps running a grey rubber mouse over her face .
2 The only thing I really remember is one character who headed off to the middle of nowhere and opened a diner. 
2 The multi-screen cinema and diner will go beyond showcasing the latest Hollywood releases by offering a diverse selection of films from arthouse titles, family favourites and timeless silver screen classics.
